Emma Williams (CMO): Good afternoon team. Let's review our Q1 marketing performance and plan for Q2.
Carlos Mendez (Demand Gen): Our paid search campaigns are performing well. We're seeing a 15% increase in qualified leads compared to Q4.
Emma Williams (CMO): That's excellent. What's driving that improvement?
Carlos Mendez (Demand Gen): We refined our keyword strategy and started targeting more bottom-of-funnel terms. Cost per lead is down 20% as well.
Olivia Chen (Content Marketing): On the content side, our buyer persona guides are getting great engagement. The CTO persona guide alone generated 200 downloads last month.
Emma Williams (CMO): Impressive. Are those converting to opportunities?
Olivia Chen (Content Marketing): Sales is reporting that about 30% of those downloads are engaging with our sales team. Much higher than our typical content.
Marcus Taylor (Product Marketing): We should create more persona-specific content. I'm hearing from sales that CFOs want ROI calculators.
Emma Williams (CMO): Good insight. Olivia, can you work with Marcus on an interactive ROI tool for Q2?
Olivia Chen (Content Marketing): Absolutely. I'll need design and dev resources for the interactive component.
Emma Williams (CMO): I'll arrange that. Carlos, what about our event strategy?
Carlos Mendez (Demand Gen): We're confirmed for three major conferences in Q2. I'm also exploring smaller regional events that might have better ROI.
Marcus Taylor (Product Marketing): The healthcare conference in April would be perfect for launching our HIPAA compliance messaging.
Emma Williams (CMO): Great idea. Let's make that a focus. I want strong booth presence and at least two speaking slots.
Carlos Mendez (Demand Gen): I'll reach out to the organizers this week about speaking opportunities.